'Security' section with all topics (#416)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/index.md

[Iroha 1 and Iroha 2](guide/iroha-2.md). That will help you understand the
differences between the two versions and upgrade to the newer one.

> Before you dive into tutorials and actually deploying Iroha 2, we suggest you read through the topics of the [Security](guide/security/index.md) section to learn about [core security principles](guide/security/security-principles.md) and [operational security measures](guide/security/operational-security.md) that are necessary to ensure the safety and validity of data and assets. This section also teaches about [cryptographic keys](guide/security/public-key-cryptography.md), [how to generate them](guide/security/generating-cryptographic-keys.md), and [how to store them securely](guide/security/storing-cryptographic-keys.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you dive into tutorials and deploy Iroha 2, we suggest you read through the [Security](guide/security/index.md) section to learn about [core security principles](guide/security/security-principles.md) and [operational security measures](guide/security/operational-security.md) that are necessary to ensure the safety and validity of data and assets. This section also covers [cryptographic keys](guide/security/public-key-cryptography.md), [how to generate them](guide/security/generating-cryptographic-keys.md), and [how to store them securely](guide/security/storing-cryptographic-keys.md).
```

> Check the [tutorial](guide/intro.md) part of this documentation where you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check this documentation's [tutorial](guide/intro.md) where you
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the [tutorial](guide/intro.md) where you
```
